Timer (#5851)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/language/builtins/elements.md

}
```

## `Timer`
<!-- FIXME: Timer is not really an element so it doesn't really belong in the `Builtin Elements` section. -->

> Timer is not an actual element visible in the tree, therefore it doesn't have the common properties such as `x`, `y`, `width`, `height`, etc.
> It doesn't take room in a layout and cannot have any children or be inherited from.
> 
> The Timer pseudo-element is used to schedule a callback at a given interval.
> The timer is only running when the `running` property is set to `true`. To stop or start the timer, simply set that property to `true` or `false`.
> It can be also set to a binding.
> When already running, the timer will be restarted if the `interval` property is changed.
> 
> Note that the default value for `running` is `true`, so if you don't specify it, it will be running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Timer pseudo-element to schedule a callback at a given interval.
The timer is only running when the `running` property is set to `true`. To stop or start the timer, set that property to `true` or `false`.
It can be also set to a binding expression.
When already running, the timer will be restarted if the `interval` property is changed.

:::{note}
The default value for `running` is `true`, so if you don't specify it, it will be running.
:::

:::{note}
Timer is not an actual element visible in the tree, therefore it doesn't have the common properties such as `x`, `y`, `width`, `height`, etc. It also doesn't take room in a layout and cannot have any children or be inherited from.
:::
```

### Properties

 -  **`interval`** (_in_ _duration_): The interval between timer ticks. (default value: `0ms`)
 -  **`running`** (_in_ _bool_): `true` if the timer is running. (default value: `true`)

### Callbacks

>  -  **`triggered()`**: Invoked every time the timer ticks (every `interval`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  **`triggered()`**: Invoked every time the timer ticks (every `interval`).
```
